RITU ECE EVENT DESCRIPTION

ELECTROCUTION:
Steel your body and mind for as the title suggests, we are all set to electrify you… While the console will be a circuit, the joysticks will be your skills… Watch your backs with caution and creep along with a strong soul, for you never know where the lightning will strike… Go wild with us this season of RITU, while we devise plans to send a chill down your spine… ( exhibition + game 10k)

PROMINENCE 2.0:
Sit back and enjoy the wonders of technology as we unfold the mesmerizing projects done by our students. Watch with marvel as impossible things set in motion before your very eyes… Enthrall and educate yourself simultaneously as you walk through our premises… (exhibition 3k)
QUARANTINE:
Do you wanna play Sherlock Holmes to the bugs in our circuits?? Wouldn’t it be more tempting if we had exciting prizes to offer the fastest Holmes?? Pull out the errors and fix the connection to own sparkling prizes… (6.5k+2k)
CREATOR:
Would it amuse you to sit back and be trained by our experts to be the creators of the Autobots?? If so, get ready to be amused this February… Our team at RIT is organizing a workshop on Robotics for school students at the end of which a competition will be conducted… The winner takes home priceless gifts and above all… invaluable knowledge…(4k)
ENGRAVER:
Hold your hand steady while you bolt the components onto the dot-matrix board with the soldering iron… We provide the components and the circuit scheme while all you got to do is solder the components neatly onto the board… (2.5k+.5k)
SIGNETICS:
The title hints the event. (2.5k+.5k)
THE EXODUS: MAN AND MACHINE:
“Our races, united by a history long forgotten and a future we shall face together.” The words of a machine live through this era as we embark on this exodus once again... Man and machine unites again in this ultimate battle… Work your skills through your bot and ensure your victory over your archrival…  (robowar…prize 17.5k…. expence 2.5k)
LABHUNT:
We try to hunt down the engineer in you by taking you through a series of practical sessions... A group of four whizzes in coding and circuit networks will be assessed in a few stages based on your real-world expertise… Qualify these levels and laugh your lungs out along the way…  (5k+1k)
