RITU 15
Mechanical Department
The following are the technical events to be conducted by the mechanical department:
•	Lathe Master: This is an event to test the skills of the students when it comes to handling the king of mechanical engineering i.e. The lathe. The Event will test the skills of students in performing various operations. This is a group event which composed of 3 members .
The prize money proposed is  7k(5K-2K.)
Estimated cost for the event is 10K.
•	Samasya: This event consist of finding solution to real life problems using the basic concepts of engineering. eg: Design a structure to protect an egg that is dropped from a two storey building.
The prize money proposed is  8k(5K-3K).
Estimated cost for the event is 10K.
•	 Aqua Rocket: The participants are required to design and build a single stage water rocket and its launcher. The water rocket and launch pad should be designed with safety in mind. Participants can adopt any design for nose and fins.
The prize money proposed is 7k(5K-2K).
Estimated cost for the event is 9K.
•	CAD Master: In this world of great computer influence the designing methods has shifted from the humble pencil and paper to powerful computers . This event is designed to test the design capabilities for a particular problem and will test their skills in Computer Aided Design .The CAD software to be used are CATIA V5R20,AutoCAD,ProE and SolidWorks , students talented in other CAD software will also be considered if informed earlier. This is a team event of a max. of 2 members. 
The prize money proposed is 6k( 4K- 2K).
Estimated cost for the event is 8K.

The following are the informal events to be conducted:
•	Hot wheels : The participants are made to drive a simple electric car in a given constructed track and the participant with the minimum time will be decided as the winner.
The prize money proposed is 4k(3K-1K).
Estimated cost for the event is 6K.
•	The Last Mile: The event is basically a treasure hunt based on the concepts and theories a mechanical engg. student goes through in his curriculm. A team of four students will have to complete the given tasks and the first team to complete the task will be declared the winner 
The prize money proposed is 5k(4K-1K).
Estimated cost for the event is 7K.

